hi guys welcome back to the
thrown cooking episode sorry if you hear
this noise there is the family and in the
background but we are making chicken
this one here is this one always
below
if you didn't see in the last episode
that threw us we made a chicken
in the dishwasher so we still don't
know what the result is but
let's move on what are we going to do today
we're doing something absurd this recipe
was recommended to us on instagram by
mick underscore z 94 thank you very much
michela for this tip we're
talking about a nutella cake for
make it in like five minutes it's
very quick we loved the recipe,
in fact if you want to suggest other
stuff keep sending it to us on our
instagram it's a small problem the
girl in question doesn't explain anything she
doesn't even give a second of the doses
your best friend  so my
best friend satta is a
great anarchist so we will follow exactly
what we will see in the video let's see
a little what is out there to make the
Nutella cake in the pan we will
need two crazy cakes of
bitter chocolate powder 49 Strauss  berg of
sugar 45 fahrenheit of flour 3 ugles
of butter a queen's cup of
luther's milk one egg the only certainty of the
recipe numerous chocolate chips is
a kilo of baking powder more
or less
light the fire take the butter
two low paràs put them in  inside the
mixture with the high will be 200
pegasus it is not too much
let's add two condolences of memole the
name of sugar so grainy makes no
sense 44.2 kind of grain but it is possible
that she is not doing it the impossible
that she has no idea what she is
doing  I
don't know in all this it's
very important after you melt
the butter turn off Fanny's flame three
minutes of condolence one two three minutes
gone a UFO I know you don't want to
go there but flour and chocolate go and
sift them here you really don't need to
have the faintest idea of ​​what you're
doing
ok a little flour here it is cocoa maybe
too much flour I'm waiting for the second one that
we're going to remove so completely out
of the grace of God finally I recommend you
guys ostrich yeast lo the ostrich
lo this here an ostrich lo  precise not
an obstruction more I'm not less
bye calaca everything seems like an accident to me
she adds guys I don't know if you can see it
clearly two ostrich quarrels bitter cocoa
more fundamentals you must have read but
in the recipe piero sorry I can of that by
dint of  ostrich there somewhere
dry something the channel for the
world pastry shop I shoot girls it
really succeeds and with an
embarrassing speed spatula let's clean the
edges almost as if we wanted to group
more towards the center the only thing that
I pay attention to in the recipe which does not
we bully the area this poor
girl to whom you don't leave me
the link because ask Michela to
see her because I don't feel like it
medium low flame I would avoid going too
strong lid and let's cook it
for 2 3 meters do you
remember when we went  at the
Vatican museums I remember that mummy
in the display case in the display case outside the bank
help me to describe abominable that does
n't taste like burning this is the only
positive thing so ok magic it's a face it's a very
depressed face I haven't avoided much
if it's good it's fine with me  good also that it
lowers that it is clear a new
concept of making desserts well done instead they are
called crepes crepes more expensive on the
milk side at the top and we have to wet it because in
my opinion at this moment it is like
using a dish sponge beautiful
video of the dish sponge that
yes it was a success to see but
you will have to see guys if you have seen it
the dish sponge that yes it is
worth seeing it or this night does not want
three inside red of doctors a layer
of nutella on top forgotten what can I
say is convinced nutella is  always a nice
moment
if he looks become a smile he is
stating he is looking on shine rega
ten minutes of processing however it is
actually of a speed
heavy coffin eat chocolate catalyst
cover all the drama that you have made
fly
then the appearance is not the best but it
is not  not even the worst let's say that
the beauty of this cake isn't it doesn't
look a bit ugly
when it comes to desserts usually I
sit down and be the judge he's an [ __ ]
but this time the [ __ ] for being
on my left if it's not very pretty
though  I mean one of those tortures
that scream irons and the strength of this
cake is not the appearance because it's a bit
ugly even if I
like this homemade aroma I would like to reward it it's not
really very inviting actually
it's not even horrifying this cake
and  it seems more like a tantrum I give it a six and a
half it looks more like a tart as I
look anyway if we can give it to him
if you are more smell and draw chocolate
notes losa I hate guys who covered
engines of Nutella downtown zanti
nutella I get closer and there is something
strange I have  understood that he says I'm coming everyone get
closer and the more the Nutella is
destroyed
which I don't think is positive even in
view of the soge then it's good there in the
sense things I like in my opinion if
now in this I drop
chocolatey table obviously
we know the chocolate  everyone what does it smell like only a
crazy person would give a negative rating to
chocolate I'm one of those [ __ ]
that the smell of chocolate doesn't drive me
crazy that much
I would give a 7 minus 8 5 and a half taste
this is my big dilemma
I'm curious  to know what is
hidden in the palate, let's taste it,
it was almost done, unfortunately, we have
a series of problems, it's a beautiful one, it
can't save the cake, it's very
compact, it hasn't risen even a
little in the pan,
now I understand why the milk didn't get in,
it's not possible  the flavor that arrives
is actually not bad, the
consistency is really like a cobbler's,
mum, it seems a little like that stuff
like for bras, I don't know if you're
aware of latex that sticks to
girls' skin like they're soaked in prosthetics, there
aren't 100 other opportunities
half the observation I make is that every
time someone eats Nutella it is always
better than the first time they
ate it because a flavor that
amazes you then the time someone gives
that biscuit to a museum it is a
disappointment that as  write more please
thank you very much Michela for this tip
the other one who made the recipe a
crazy girl a little more enthusiasm and you
still need
7 liters you speak I can't go below 5
because there's Nutella
it's terrifying  an average between 2 and
6 and a half 5 May 5 from 4 how much
I would pay I imagine something like
go and study a friend's mother I
prepared these two seconds or your
friend makes you prepare these two seconds
after we studied together  I
will pay for them if they fail the exam in a
studio more with him how much would I be willing
to pay and for this by horses a
slice is a euro at the stall
if it was written by smi even 60 70
euros hi guys we are grateful for this
video give us a  nice thumbs up for
the and above all if you do it too you
will find yourself making this cake with the
doses invented in the pan tagged measurements
instagram
having said that as always I invite you to
subscribe for this video activate the
notifications guys gioria minion
this video as always the invitation  to
give us a thumbs up for the
arci tag on instagram you will know the guts to
try to make the cake the door the
torben pan without measurements having said that
as always subscribe to this channel
activate the notification campaign and
above all leave us a comment
letting us know that others  I would like to
see inside the kitchen thrown there
when a big kiss see you on
Thursday at 12 with another video
bye
subscribe
this video I'm still thinking about hate